Grammarly on the README file (#2977)
treeverse/lakeFS: README.md

## What is lakeFS

> lakeFS is an open-source tool that transforms your object storage into a Git-like repository. It enables you to manage your data lake how you manage your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lakeFS is an open-source tool that transforms your object storage into a Git-like repository. It enables you to manage your data lake the way you manage your code.
```
The first change is great, the second is probably ungrammatical.  I don't think any standard reference will suggest using "how" in this manner.

Author: that's what Grammarly suggested🤷🏻‍♂️

Reviewer: I understand that is what Grammarly suggested.  However I am unsure of the change.  I shall make this change if Grammarly have a reference for it being (more) correct.  

They might be looking at _usage_.  I found [this](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/101086/is-the-way-how-wrong) with some n-gram statistics, but unfortunately talks about "is the way I" vs. "is how I"; dropping "is" to get "the way I" vs. "how I" allows many more meanings.

Reviewer: Some data: here's a [usage chart for manage the way you vs. manage how you](https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=manage+the+way+you%2Cmanage+how+you&year_start=1970&year_end=2005&corpus=5&smoothing=3).  Generally "how" is more common (_much_ more so in the 19th century), but "the way" has its periods (and is going down right now).  For British English "the way" is on a massive binge.  Mostly the data seem quite noisy.

Author: it's not about being more or less correct. it's about being concise and clear

Reviewer: I understand and appreciate, really.  And I am happy to chalk it up to varying English dialects (American/British, probably).

Note that we are already [using this sentence externally and extensively](https://google.com/search?q="manage+your+data+the+way+you+manage+your+code").  I would like to rope in @einato on this.  But I would also like to merge everything else on the PR without waiting any longer.  Would it be OK to revert this change here, and I will open it in another PR?

> With lakeFS you can build repeatable, atomic, and versioned data lake operations - from complex ETL jobs to data science and analytics.

Reviewer: Beautiful... Hurrah for the Oxford comma!

lakeFS supports AWS S3, Azure Blob Storage, and Google Cloud Storage as its underlying storage service. It is API compatible with S3 and works seamlessly with all modern data frameworks such as Spark, Hive, AWS Athena, Presto, etc.

For more information, see the [official lakeFS documentation](https://docs.lakefs.io).

## Capabilities

**In Development**

* **Experiment** - try new tools, upgrade versions, and evaluate code changes in isolation. You can get an isolated snapshot to run and compare experiments by creating a new branch of the data, while others are not exposed.

> * **Debug** - check out specific commits in a repository’s commit history to materialize consistent, historical versions of your data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Debug** - checkout specific commits in a repository’s commit history to materialize consistent, historical versions of your data. 
```
Again, while the first change is really great, the second changes semantics.  "Check out specific commits" reads as "have a look at specific commits", but here we really do mean "checkout" as a verb used by programmers: get a version out of a version control system.

Author: TBH that wasn't clear for me as a developer.

   curl https://compose.lakefs.io | docker-compose -f - up
   ```

> 3. Open [http://127.0.0.1:8000/setup](http://127.0.0.1:8000/setup) in your web browser to set up an initial admin user, log in and send API requests.

Reviewer: Please also revert this change: it changes meaning.  The admin user is used to login, while after the change it says that surfing to `/setup` is the way to log in.

Reviewer: Gentle reminder about this comment.

Author: if that's on purpose than it's unclear to me what did you meant here

Reviewer: Sorry for lack of clarity.

The `/setup` page is allows you to set up the initial admin user.  This ("initial admin user") is "used to login and send API requests).  But the `/setup` page itself does *not* allow you to log into the system or send API requests.

Here's another attempt at clarity.  There are clearly two steps here (first set up, then log in and send API requests).  And this very conversation is (empirical) proof that the phrasing is confusing!  So I want to split this sentence.  (I don't care about "login" or "log in", so I'll go with Grammarly).
```suggestion
3. Open [http://127.0.0.1:8000/setup](http://127.0.0.1:8000/setup) in your web browser to set up an initial admin user.  You will use this user to log in and send API requests.
```

WDYT?

## Licensing

> lakeFS is completely free and open-source and licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Reviewer: I am not sure whether we can change this, or if this is boilerplate licensing.  @ozkatz do you know?

Reviewer 2: I have no objection to changing this, it was phrased by us
